and supportive, it didn't mean we didn't have to do
our work. When you gave in a community, whether it
was running for school board or whether it was
being president of the San Antonio M Club or
getting the opportunity to serve on the
association board or all the other, it's a step
ladder. You see the origin back when a lot of things
that you do, you take a left or a right, Happened in
the year 18, 19, 20. To me, that left-right was when
I went to say thank you to Mr. Zachary. My father was
Mr. Zachary Barber. But I didn't know the
gentleman. I didn't ask him for a job. I asked one of
the vice presidents. Now, Zachary was class of 20
or 22. from uvalde and did he then he was in laredo
before he came to after after he graduated he
started his business in laredo and then came up
here and he moved his offices here he made me class
24. okay 22 or 24. i think it's 22. 22 yeah i believe
so because i think he and dr harrington are same
class all right last question what feelings do you
hold in your heart for a m today
You know, Haskell,
it's extremely hard to talk about feelings like
that without
tremendous emotion. It's just
part of the training that you take with you.
Let's quit on that.